Be not ashamed of mistakes and thus make them crimes.

Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves.

Everything has its beauty but not everyone sees it.

Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.

He who will not economize will have to agonize.

I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.

Ignorance is the night of the mind, but a night without moon and star.

It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.

Men's natures are alike, it is their habits that carry them far apart.

Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in getting up every time we do.

Respect yourself and others will respect you.

Study the past if you would define the future.

The superior man, when resting in safety, does not forget that danger may come. When in a state of security he does not forget the possibility of ruin. When all is orderly, he does not forget that disorder may come. Thus his person is not endangered, and his States and all their clans are preserved.

To be able under all circumstances to practice five things constitutes perfect virtue; these five things are gravity, generosity of soul, sincerity, earnestness and kindness.

To see what is right and not to do it is want of courage.

To see what is right, and not to do it, is want of courage or of principle.

What the superior man seeks is in himself; what the small man seeks is in others.

When anger rises, think of the consequences.

When we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves.

Wheresoever you go, go with all your heart.

They must often change who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.

By nature, men are nearly alike; by practice, they get to be wide apart.

Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue.

Have no friends not equal to yourself.

He who exercises government by means of his virtue may be compared to the north polar star, which keeps its place and all the stars turn towards it.

He who speaks without modesty will find it difficult to make his words good.

He with whom neither slander that gradually soaks into the mind, nor statements that startle like a wound in the flesh, are successful may be called intelligent indeed.

Hold faithfulness and sincerity as first principles.

I am not one who was born in the possession of knowledge; I am one who is fond of antiquity, and earnest in seeking it there.

I have not seen a person who loved virtue, or one who hated what was not virtuous. He who loved virtue would esteem nothing above it.

If a man takes no thought about what is distant, he will find sorrow near at hand.

If a man withdraws his mind from the love of beauty, and applies it as sincerely to the love of the virtuous; if, in serving his parents, he can exert his utmost strength; if, in serving his prince, he can devote his life; if in his intercourse with his friends, his words are sincere - although men say that he has not learned, I will certainly say that he has.

Is virtue a thing remote? I wish to be virtuous, and lo! Virtue is at hand.

Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.

Recompense injury with justice, and recompense kindness with kindness.

The cautious seldom err.

The determined scholar and the man of virtue will not seek to live at the expense of injuring their virtue. They will even sacrifice their lives to preserve their virtue complete.

The firm, the enduring, the simple, and the modest are near to virtue.

The man of virtue makes the difficulty to be overcome his first business, and success only a subsequent consideration.

The man who in view of gain thinks of righteousness; who in the view of danger is prepared to give up his life; and who does not forget an old agreement however far back it extends - such a man may be reckoned a complete man.

Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.

Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering.

Death is a natural part of life. Rejoice for those around you who transform into the Force. Mourn them do not. Miss them do not. Attachment leads to jealously. The shadow of greed, that is.

Always pass on what you have learned.

You will know (the good from the bad) when you are calm, at peace. Passive. A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.

Yes, a Jedi’s strength flows from the Force. But beware of the dark side. Anger, fear, aggression; the dark side of the Force are they. Easily they flow, quick to join you in a fight. If once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will, as it did Obi-Wan’s apprentice.

Powerful you have become, the dark side I sense in you.

If you end your training now — if you choose the quick and easy path as Vader did — you will become an agent of evil.

Patience you must have my young padawan

Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you? Hmm? Hmm. And well you should not. For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is. Life creates it, makes it grow. Its energy surrounds us and binds us. Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter. You must feel the Force around you; here, between you, me, the tree, the rock, everywhere, yes. Even between the land and the ship.

Do or do not. There is no try.

May the Force be with you.

Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering.

Grave danger you are in. Impatient you are.

Always in motion is the future.

Death is a natural part of life. Rejoice for those around you who transform into the Force. Mourn them do not. Miss them do not. Attachment leads to jealousy. The shadow of greed, that is.

Named must your fear be before banish it you can.

You will find only what you bring in.

Soon will I rest, yes, forever sleep. Earned it I have. Twilight is upon me, soon night must fall.

Yes, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force. But beware of the dark side. Anger, fear, aggression; the dark side of the Force are they. Easily they flow, quick to join you in a fight. If once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will, as it did Obi-Wan's apprentice.

Powerful you have become, the dark side I sense in you.

The dark side clouds everything. Impossible to see the future is.

Ready are you? What know you of ready? For eight hundred years have I trained Jedi. My own counsel will I keep on who is to be trained. A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind. This one a long time have I watched. All his life has he looked away... to the future, to the horizon. Never his mind on where he was. Hmm? What he was doing. Hmph. Adventure. Heh. Excitement. Heh. A Jedi craves not these things. You are reckless.

Pain, suffering, death I feel. Something terrible has happened. Young Skywalker is in pain. Terrible pain.

Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force. But beware. Anger, fear, aggression. The dark side are they. Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny. Luke... Luke... do not... do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor or suffer your father's fate you will. Luke, when gone am I... the last of the Jedi will you be. Luke, the Force runs strong in your family. Pass on what you have learned, Luke. There is... another... Sky... walker.

Ohhh. Great warrior. Wars not make one great.

Feel the force!

Always two there are, a master and an apprentice.

When 900 years old you reach, look as good, you will not.

Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will.

You must unlearn what you have learned.

In a dark place we find ourselves, and a little more knowledge lights our way.

When you look at the dark side, careful you must be. For the dark side looks back.

You will know (the good from the bad) when you are calm, at peace. Passive. A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.

Many of the truths that we cling to depend on our point of view.

Through the Force, things you will see. Other places. The future…the past. Old friends long gone.

Many of the truths we cling to depend greatly on our point of view

Who's more foolish: the fool, or the fool who follows him?

The Force will be with you, always.

A young Jedi named Darth Vader, who was a pupil of mine until he turned to evil, helped the Empire hunt down and destroy the Jedi knights. He betrayed and murdered your father.

Use the force Luke!

You have done that yourself...your anger and lust for power have already done that!

Anakin! My allegiance is to the Republic, for Democracy!

Only a Sith deals an absolutes,I will do what I must.

I have failed you Anakin, I have failed you.

You were the chosen one!! It was said that you would destroy the Sith not join them! Bring balance to the Force not leave it at darkness.

You were my brother Anakin, I loved you!

If you strike me down now, I will become more powerful than you could ever imagine.

Always on the move.

These are not the droids you're looking for...you will not need to see his identification.

Master, why does it feel that we picked up another useless lifeform?

Anakin has become a great threat!

Chancellor Palpatine is the Sith Lord we've been looking for. He is behind the whole War!

Ever since the death of Count Dooku, Anakin had become his apprentice.

I've seen a security hologram of him...killing younglings!

Who!? Who could of done this?

Noooooo!

You have let this 'Dark Lord' twist your mind until now...you have become the very thing you were swarn to destroy.

The boy is dangerous. They all sense it, why can’t you?

You were right about one thing, master. The negotiations were short.

Once those droids take control of the surface, they will take control of you.

Only a Sith Lord deals in absolutes.

Who’s the more foolish: the fool, or the fool who follows him?

Your eyes can deceive you; don’t trust them.